California\nParks\nAlcatraz Island\nSan Francisco, CA\nAlcatraz reveals stories of American incarceration, justice, and our common humanity. This small island was once a fort, a military prison, and a maximum security federal penitentiary. In 1969, the Indians of All Tribes occupied Alcatraz for 19 months in the name of freedom and Native American civil rights. We invite you to explore Alcatraz's complex history and natural beauty.\nNational Historic Trail\nButterfield Overland\nMO, AR, OK, TX, NM, AZ, CA\nIn 1857, businessman and transportation entrepreneur John Butterfield was awarded a contract to establish an overland mail route between the eastern United States and growing populations in the Far West. What became known as the Butterfield Overland Trail made an arcing sweep across the southern rim of the country. Stagecoaches left twice a week carrying passengers, freight, and mail.\nNational Monument\nCabrillo\nSan Diego, CA\nIn 1542, Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo climbed out of his boat and onto shore, becoming the first European to set foot on what is now the West Coast of the United States. Cabrillo National Monument not only tells the story of this 16th-century exploration but also houses a wealth of cultural and natural resources. Join us and embark on your own Voyage of Exploration.\nNational Historic Trail\nCalifornia\nVarious States CA,CO,ID,KS,MO,NE,NV,OR,UT,WY\nFollow in the footsteps of over 250,000 emigrants who traveled to the gold fields and rich farmlands of California during the 1840s and 1850s: the greatest mass migration in American history. The California National Historic Trail is over 5,000 miles long and covers portions of 10 states. Step into history along more than 1,000 miles of ruts and traces from travelers and their overland wagons.\nNational Monument\nCastle Mountains\nBarstow, CA\nCastle Mountains represents some of the most unique elements of the Mojave Desert. Nestled between the Nevada state line and Mojave National Preserve, the nearly 21,000 acres of Castle Mountains boasts Joshua tree forests, unbroken natural landscapes, rare desert grasslands, and rich human history. This intriguing area provides serenity and solitude from nearby metropolitan areas.\nNational Monument\nC\xe9sar E. Ch\xe1vez\nCA\nYes, we can! Widely recognized as the most important Latino leader in the United States during the twentieth century, Cesar Chavez led farm workers and supporters in the establishment of the country's first permanent agricultural union. His leadership brought sustained international attention to the plight of U.S. farm workers, and secured for them higher wages and safer working conditions.\nNational Park\nChannel Islands\nVentura, CA\nChannel Islands National Park encompasses five remarkable islands and their ocean environment, preserving and protecting a wealth of natural and cultural resources. Isolation over thousands of years has created unique animals, plants, and archeological resources found nowhere else on Earth and helped preserve a place where visitors can experience coastal southern California as it once was.\nNational Park\nDeath Valley\nDeath Valley, CA,NV\nIn this below-sea-level basin, steady drought and record summer heat make Death Valley a land of extremes. Yet, each extreme has a striking contrast. Towering peaks are frosted with winter snow. Rare rainstorms bring vast fields of wildflowers. Lush oases harbor tiny fish and refuge for wildlife and humans. Despite its morbid name, a great diversity of life thrives in Death Valley.\nNational Monument\nDevils Postpile\nthe Sierra Nevada near Mammoth Lakes, CA\nEstablished in 1911 by presidential proclamation, Devils Postpile National Monument protects and preserves the Devils Postpile formation, the 101-foot high Rainbow Falls, and pristine mountain scenery. The formation is a rare sight in the geologic world and ranks as one of the world's finest examples of columnar basalt. Its' columns tower up to 60 feet and display a striking symmetry.\nNational Historic Site\nEugene O'Neill\nDanville, CA\nAmerica's only Nobel Prize-winning playwright, Eugene O'Neill, chose Northern California as his sanctuary at the pinnacle of his writing career. Secluded from the outside world within the serene walls of his Tao House, O'Neill crafted his final and most memorable masterpieces: The Iceman Cometh, Long Day's Journey Into Night, and A Moon for the Misbegotten.\nNational Historic Site\nFort Point\nPresidio of San Francisco, CA\nFrom its vantage point overlooking the spectacular Golden Gate, Fort Point defended the San Francisco Bay following California's Gold Rush through World War II. Its beautifully arched casemates display the art of 3rd system brick masonry and interacts gracefully with the Golden Gate Bridge.\nNational Recreation Area\nGolden Gate\nSan Francisco, CA\nExperience a park so rich it supports 19 distinct ecosystems with over 2,000 plant and animal species. Go for a hike, enjoy a vista, have a picnic or learn about the centuries of overlapping history from California's indigenous cultures, Spanish colonialism, the Mexican Republic, US military expansion and the growth of San Francisco. All of this and more awaits you, so get out and find your park.\nNational Historic Site\nJohn Muir\nMartinez, CA\nJohn Muir's life was a tapestry of roles-fruit rancher, family man, writer-each interwoven with his deep love for nature. As one of America's most influential naturalists, Muir was more than just an observer of the wilderness; he was its fiercest advocate. His passion for the land drove him to protect the places he held dear, ensuring that future generations could experience their beauty.\nNational Park\nJoshua Tree\nSouthern California between I-10 and Hwy 62; headquarters in Twentynine Palms, CA\nTwo distinct desert ecosystems, the Mojave and the Colorado, come together in Joshua Tree National Park. A fascinating variety of plants and animals make their homes in a land sculpted by strong winds and occasional torrents of rain. Dark night skies, a rich cultural history, and surreal geologic features add to the wonder of this vast wilderness in southern California. Come explore for yourself!\nNational Historic Trail\nJuan Bautista de Anza\nNogales, AZ to San Francisco, CA, AZ,CA\nThe Juan Bautista de Anza National Historic Trail covers over 1200 miles through the homelands of 70+ Tribal communities. It follows the historic route of the 1775-76 Spanish colonizing expedition from Sonora, Mexico to San Francisco, CA. Whether urban or rural, the trail offers adventure, diverse cultural perspectives, and an opportunity to experience history.\nNational Park\nLassen Volcanic\nMineral, CA\nLassen Volcanic National Park is home to steaming fumaroles, meadows freckled with wildflowers, clear mountain lakes, and numerous volcanoes. Jagged peaks tell the story of its eruptive past while hot water continues to shape the land.\nNational Monument\nLava Beds\nTulelake, CA\nLava Beds National Monument is a land of turmoil, both geological and historical. Over the last half-million years, volcanic eruptions on the Medicine Lake shield volcano have created a rugged landscape dotted with diverse volcanic features. More than 800 caves, Native American rock art sites, historic battlefields and campsites, and a high desert wilderness experience await you!\nNational Historic Site\nManzanar\nIndependence, CA\nIn 1942, the United States government ordered more than 110,000 men, women, and children to leave their homes and detained them in remote, military-style camps. Manzanar War Relocation Center was one of ten camps where the US government incarcerated Japanese immigrants ineligible for citizenship and Japanese American citizens during World War II.\nNational Preserve\nMojave\nSouthern California between I-15 and I-40; headquarters in Barstow, CA\nMojave preserves a diverse mosaic of ecological habitats and a 10,000 year history of human connection with the desert. Offering extensive opportunities to experience desert landscapes, the preserve promotes understanding and appreciation for the increasingly threatened resources of the Mojave Desert. This remote preserve encourages a sense of discovery and a connection to wild places.\nNational Monument\nMuir Woods\nMill Valley, CA\nWalk among old growth coast redwoods, cooling their roots in the fresh water of Redwood Creek and lifting their crowns to reach the sun and fog. Federally protected as a National Monument since 1908, this primeval forest is both refuge and laboratory, revealing our relationship with the living landscape. What will you discover in Muir Woods?\nNational Historic Trail\nOld Spanish\nAZ,CA,CO,NV,NM,UT\nFollow the routes of mule pack trains across the Southwest on the Old Spanish National Historic Trail between Santa Fe, New Mexico, and Los Angeles, California. New Mexican traders moved locally produced merchandise across what are now six states to exchange for mules and horses.\nNational Park\nPinnacles\nPaicines, CA\nAround 23 million years ago, a series of volcanic eruptions shaped the landscape that is now Pinnacles National Park. The remnants of these ancient eruptions have formed a striking terrain of rocky spires and deep canyons. Visitors can explore diverse environments, from chaparral and oak woodlands to the cool, shaded depths of canyon floors.\nNational Seashore\nPoint Reyes\nPoint Reyes, CA\nFrom its thunderous ocean breakers crashing against rocky headlands and expansive sand beaches to its open grasslands, brushy hillsides, and forested ridges, Point Reyes offers visitors over 1500 species of plants and animals to discover. Home to several cultures over thousands of years, the Seashore preserves a tapestry of stories and interactions of people. Point Reyes awaits your exploration.\nNational Historic Trail\nPony Express\nVarious States CA,CO,KS,MO,NE,NV,UT,WY\nIt is hard to believe that young men once rode horses to carry mail from Missouri to California in the unprecedented time of only 10 days. This relay system along the Pony Express National Historic Trail in eight states was the most direct and practical means of east-west communications before the telegraph.\nNational Memorial\nPort Chicago Naval Magazine\nConcord Naval Weapons Station, CA\nOn July 17, 1944, a massive explosion jolted the San Francisco East Bay area, shattering windows and lighting up the night sky. At Port Chicago Naval Magazine, 320 men were killed instantly when two ships loading ammunition for Pacific troops exploded, resulting in the worst home front disaster of WWII. The aftermath illuminated the issues of segregation and racial inequality in the military.\nPresidio of San Francisco\nSan Francisco, CA\nFor 218 years, the Presidio served as an army post for three nations. World and local events, from military campaigns to World Fairs and earthquakes, left their mark. Come enjoy the history and the natural beauty of the Presidio. Explore centuries of architecture. Reflect in a national cemetery. Walk along an historic airfield, through forests or to beaches, and admire spectacular vistas.\nNational and State Parks\nRedwood\nDel Norte & Humboldt counties, CA\nRenowned for the world's tallest trees, Redwood's landscapes span from open prairies and oak woodlands to pristine rivers and untamed coastline. This ancient home has supported people for thousands of years. The National Park Service and California State Parks now work to safeguard and rejuvenate these lands for everyone's enjoyment, learning, and inspiration.\nNational Historical Park\nRosie the Riveter WWII Home Front\nRichmond, CA\nCelebrate and honor the contributions and sacrifices of American civilians on the WWII home front. Discover how diverse communities lived, worked, and interacted. Many faces, many stories, many truths, weave a rich tapestry of experiences from this era of opportunity and loss.\nNational Historical Park\nSan Francisco Maritime\nSan Francisco, CA\nEstablished in 1988, San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park celebrates America's maritime heritage on the Pacific Coast. Our 50-acre park has grown around Aquatic Park Cove, a protected area in the stunning San Francisco Bay. As you explore the cove and the historic landmarks around it, you will experience the sights, sounds, and stories of the city's seafaring past.\nNational Recreation Area\nSanta Monica Mountains\nThousand Oaks, CA\nThe Santa Monica Mountains offer easy access to surprisingly wild places. Experience the famous beaches of Malibu or explore more than 500 miles of trails. The park abounds with historical and cultural sites, from old movie ranches to Native American centers. What will you and your family discover?\nNational Parks\nSequoia & Kings Canyon\nIn the southern Sierra Nevada in Tulare and Fresno counties, CA\nHuge mountains, rugged foothills, deep canyons, vast caverns, and the world's largest trees exemplify the diversity of landscapes, life, and beauty here. Explore these pages to plan your visit or to learn about the plants and animals here and the threats they face. Ancient giant sequoias may seem invincible, but they, too are vulnerable.\nNational Monument\nTule Lake\nTulelake, CA\nTule Lake National Monument includes both Tule Lake Segregation Center, the largest and most controversial of the sites where Japanese Americans were incarcerated during World War II, and Camp Tulelake, which was first a Civilian Conservation Corps camp, then an additional facility to detain Japanese Americans, and finally a prisoner of war camp.\nNational Recreation Area\nWhiskeytown\nWhiskeytown, CA\nWhiskeytown Lake's crystal-clear waters are iconic, but this 42,000-acre National Recreation Area offers much more. Explore waterfalls, hike rugged trails, uncover Gold Rush history, and witness the resilience of nature in its post-fire recovery. Adventure awaits at every turn-Whiskeytown is calling!\nNational Park\nYosemite\nthe Sierra Nevada, CA\nNot just a great valley, but a shrine to human foresight, the strength of granite, the power of glaciers, the persistence of life, and the tranquility of the High Sierra. First protected in 1864, Yosemite National Park is best known for its waterfalls, but within its nearly 1,200 square miles, you can find deep valleys, grand meadows, ancient giant sequoias, a vast wilderness area, and much more.